Created: 2024-10-19 18:44
Category: #networking 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_32 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

When a PC connected to a LAN is starting up, which of the following protocols is used to automatically assign an IP address to the PC?

a) DHCP
b) DNS
c) FTP
d) PPP
? 
a) DHCP

## Our Answer: DHCP

> [!info] Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol
> - its set up on routers to automatically "lease" a dynamic IP address to a device - allowing it to use the network.
> - most WiFi networks do this because we don't want people to manually configure static IP addresses for each device that connects.
 
### Process 

1. DHCPDISCOVER 
	- the destination is 255.255.255.255
	- the 0.0.0.0 address is the source.
2. DHCPOFFER 
	- the DHCP server sends a list of IP Addresses available to use.
3. DHCPREQUEST
	- the client sends a request to claim the IP address. 
4. DHCPACK
	- the server confirms the IP Address belongs to the client now.
	- if it's not available anymore, then DHCPNAK


## Definition of Other Answers

### b) DNS (Domain Name System)

DNS is a protocol used to translate human-readable domain names (like [www.example.com](http://www.example.com)) into IP addresses (like 192.168.1.1), which are needed for routing traffic over the internet. It acts as a directory for translating domain names into their corresponding IP addresses.

### c) FTP (File Transfer Protocol)

FTP is a protocol used for transferring files between a client and a server over a network, such as the Internet. It allows users to upload and download files to/from a remote server.

### d) PPP (Point-to-Point Protocol)

PPP is a data link layer protocol used to establish a direct connection between two networking nodes, often over serial links like dial-up connections. It provides features like authentication, encryption, and compression for data transmission.


%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-host-configuration-protocol-dhcp/)