Created: 2024-10-19 13:00
Category: #operating-systems 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_17 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following occurs when a program attempts to access a page that is mapped in the virtual address space but is not located in the main memory? Here, the OS supports paging.

a) Fatal error
b) Page fault 
c) Scheduling error
d) Segmentation fault 
? 
b) Page fault

## What are their Definitions?

- **Fatal Error**: An irrecoverable error that forces a program to stop.
- **Page Fault**: An event triggered when the program accesses memory not currently in RAM, and the OS retrieves it from disk.
- **Scheduling Error**: A problem in how the OS allocates CPU time to tasks, leading to inefficiency or deadlocks.
- **Segmentation Fault**: A program tries to access illegal or non-existent memory, often leading to a crash.

## What is Paging?

It's when we separate our memory into blocks and keep track of it in a paging table. This paging table maps the memory address of our main memory to our secondary memory, like when code is saved to main memory & is mapped (via paging) to our main memory to execute.

If we try to access memory in our main memory that doesn't exist, it will raise a Page Fault and attempt to find the corresponding mapped page in our secondary memory.

## Discussing the Answer

We might have thought of Segmentation Fault, however that is different. It's when we access memory that DOES EXIST, but we do not have access permissions.
- each program is "allocated memory" when a program runs - meaning the CPU leases it memory it can borrow and it cannot access others - otherwise it leads to a segmentation fault.

If the computer did not support paging, accessing invalid memory will cause a Fatal Error and crash the program.

However, it does support paging, so a Page Fault is raised instead.

Therefore, our answer is **b) Page fault**.



%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Paging - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ5ezHfJokw)
- [Page Fault - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqQOIahM868)