Created: 2024-10-19 19:09
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_37 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an attack using a trial-and-error method to obtain confidential information such as a user password or personal identification number (PIN)?

a) Brute force
b) Denial of service
c) Man-in-the-middle
d) Sniffing
? 
a) Brute force

## What is Brute Force?

It's the process of trying every permutation of something (typically passwords) to break into the account or authentication system.

For example, if we have a password of 2 numbers, we can brute force by starting with `00`, then `01`, `02`, `...`, `09`, then `10`, then `11`, `...`, `19`, then we keep going until `99`.

## Other Answers

### b) Denial of service

This is when a single computer sends a lot of requests to a web server so that the web server cannot respond to real requests.

### c) Man-in-the-middle

This is when a router or computer acts like a proxy to the actual server/network you're trying to connect to.

Like if you are trying to surf the web, you connect to a router configured to be a man-in-the-middle so it will read your requests (like the URLs, query parameters, etc.) before sending it to your intended web server.

It looks like you're talking to the correct server, but you don't know that the network is logging all your requests.

### d) Sniffing

This is a forensic method to see all data packets of a network or your own computer. This is what Wireshark lets you do - "packet sniffing".




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What is a Brute Force Attack? | Definition, Types & How It Works](https://www.fortinet.com/resources/cyberglossary/brute-force-attack#:~:text=A%20brute%20force%20attack%20is,and%20organizations'%20systems%20and%20networks.)