Created: 2024-10-20 00:06
Category: #service-management 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_57 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

In IT service management, which of the following is a problem management activity that is performed proactively?

a) Analyzing the occurrence trend of incidents and proposing measures that prevent an 
incident from occurring in the future 
b) Classifying problems that have been detected and recorded, and setting the response 
priority 
c) Evaluating the effectiveness of a resolution to a critical problem 
d) Monitoring whether an incident occurs again or not for a certain period of time after the 
problem is resolved 
? 
a) Analyzing the occurrence trend of incidents and proposing measures that prevent an 
incident from occurring in the future 

## Analyzing the Answers

Proactive means to do something preemptively without being prompted by some event or reacting to something external (Passive).

### b) Classifying problems that have been detected and recorded, and setting the response priority 

The problems already happened, so we are reacting to the issue. Not proactively.

### c) Evaluating the effectiveness of a resolution to a critical problem 

The problem also already happened here and we are trying to find a resolution to it.

### d) Monitoring whether an incident occurs again or not for a certain period of time after the problem is resolved

The problem already happened & was resolved, so we are reactively monitoring it for future issues.

### a) Analyzing the occurrence trend of incidents and proposing measures that prevent an incident from occurring in the future

We are proactively trying to find a pattern or trend of incidents and preemptively trying to find countermeasures to solve future problems. 
- This is the correct answer.


%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Proactive vs. Reactive Service Management | IT@Cornell](https://it.cornell.edu/it-service-management/proactive-vs-reactive-service-management)