Created: 2024-10-20 13:36
Category: #software 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_73 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an explanation of an e-marketplace?

a) It is a method in which many sellers and buyers meet in a market set up on the Internet 
and trade directly without an intermediate distributor. 
b) It is a method that aims for overall optimization from material procurement to product 
distribution by sharing information such as ordering, inventory, sales, and logistics 
between a company and its business partners. 
c) It is a method that converts information concerning business transactions into a 
standardized format and electronically exchanges data such as estimation, ordering, 
shipment and delivery, and payment between companies. 
d) It is a method that runs a sales promotion campaign on the Internet and then draws 
customers to a real store to encourage them to make purchases.
? 
a) It is a method in which many sellers and buyers meet in a market set up on the Internet  
and trade directly without an intermediate distributor.
## Mental Framework

Think of Facebook Marketplace, Ebay, OLX, Carousell, Shopee, Lazada, etc.

It is up to the seller to be the distributor, instead of relying on big department stores or brick & mortar setups to distribute and sell the goods.
- they handle delivery themselves

## E-Marketplace

> [!info] **An e-Marketplace**, short for electronic marketplace, is a digital platform that connects buyers and sellers for the purpose of buying and selling goods and services online.
> e-Marketplaces provide a virtual space where businesses and individuals can conduct transactions, exchange information, and collaborate in a secure and efficient manner.

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What Is an E-Marketplace? - Feedvisor](https://feedvisor.com/resources/e-commerce-strategies/what-is-an-e-marketplace/)