Created: 2024-10-19 11:58
Category: #operating-systems 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_11 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

In a CPU, which of the following is a special register that contains the address of the 
next instruction to be fetched?

a) Accumulator
b) Index Register
c) Instruction Register
d) Program Counter
? 
d) Program Counter

You might've thought it was Instruction Register, however that register holds the CURRENTLY EXECUTING instruction that is about to be decoded & executed by the ALU.
## Description of the Components 

- **Accumulator**: This register holds the intermediate result of arithmetic or logical operations. Like if the calculation depends on the sum of a previous expression, we store the sum in the accumulator first before using it in the next expression.
    
- **Index Register**: This register holds an offset value for memory addresses for accessing struct data types and arrays.
    
- **Instruction Register**: This register holds the CURRENT instruction that has just been fetched from memory and is about to be decoded and executed.

- **Program Counter (PC)**: The PC always points to the address of the next instruction in the program. After fetching an instruction, the PC is incremented so that it points to the subsequent instruction, ensuring the CPU executes the program sequentially. In case of jumps or branches, the PC is updated with the target address.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Essential Registers for Instruction Execution - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/essential-registers-for-instruction-execution/)