Created: 2024-10-20 14:53
Category: #software 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_80 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

When a single-license software package is purchased by a company, which of the following is an activity that is usually permitted in conformity with the concept of the WTO’s Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS)?

a) Installing the software package on a large number of computers that are used for the 
company’s business 
b) Making a backup copy of software for limited purposes, such as the licensee’s personal 
use or a temporary copy for maintenance 
c) Modifying the software package for the company’s internal use and using it on a large 
number of computers within the company 
d) Placing the software package on the company’s internal website so that staff members 
can download and install it
? 
b) Making a backup copy of software for limited purposes, such as the licensee’s personal 
use or a temporary copy for maintenance 


## Mental Framework

When selling digital goods, the seller usually only leases a single copy of the digital goods. In a lot of terms & conditions, it states that you are not allowed to distribute, copy, or modify the software without proper rights or permission.

Therefore, a) & d) are not possible answers since it involves distributing the software.

c) is not possible because it involves modifying the software.

Hence, b) is the correct answer, since we are using it for "limited purposes".

## Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS)

Under **TRIPS**, the use of software is protected as **intellectual property**. However, the agreement allows certain **exceptions and limitations** to protect the interests of legitimate users, while still safeguarding the rights of the copyright holders.

In particular, TRIPS permits the **making of a backup copy of the software**, provided it’s for **limited purposes** like the licensee’s personal use, or as a temporary copy used for maintenance or to ensure proper functioning. This exception is meant to ensure that users can continue to operate the software even if the original copy is damaged or becomes inaccessible.

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [WTO | intellectual property - overview of TRIPS Agreement](https://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/trips_e/intel2_e.htm)