Created: 2024-10-17 22:40
Category: #number-systems 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_5 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following expressions in postfix notation is equivalent to the expression 
2+5×3+4 in infix notation? Here, the operator “×” has higher precedence than “+”. 

a) 2 5 3 4 x + +
b) 2 5 + 3 4 x +
c) 2 5 3 + x 4 +
d) 2 5 3 x + 4 +
? 
d) 2 5 3 x + 4 +

## Infix vs Prefix vs Postfix

The equations we're familiar with are infix operations because we put the operator "in between" the operands.

We can then use parentheses `()` to denote precedence. So look at the following examples, they are all equivalent:

| **Infix Expression** | **Prefix Expression** | **Postfix Expression** |
| -------------------- | --------------------- | ---------------------- |
| (A + B) * C          | * + A B C             | A B + C *              |


See the pattern? For prefix expressions, the operator comes BEFORE the operands.

- `* + A B C`
- we execute `+ A B` first because it is the operator with valid operands
- then we now have `* (+ A B) C`, meaning we get the value of `+ A B`,  and use it for `* C`

## Solution

We are trying to convert 2+5×3+4 from infix to postfix.
- this is equivalent to 2+(5×3)+4
- this means the operators should be AFTER its pair of operands.
- we still give `x` (multiplication) precedence over `+`.

The only valid expressions out of the choices which puts the `x` as the first operand to execute are 
- a) 2 5 3 4 x + +
- d) 2 5 3 x + 4 +

We want to execute `(5×3)` first, so we need the `5 3 x` combination.

In our case, only answer d has it, so it is our answer.

### Checking

> [!info] We denote each step with parenthesis `()`.

1. 2 (5 3 x) + 4 +
2. (2 15 +) 4 +
3. (17 4 +)
4. 21

Let's compare it with the given we were converting it from:

1. 2+(5×3)+4 
2. (2+15)+4
3. (17+4)
4. 21

They match! So the answer is indeed d.

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [4.9. Infix, Prefix and Postfix Expressions — Problem Solving with Algorithms and Data Structures](https://runestone.academy/ns/books/published/pythonds/BasicDS/InfixPrefixandPostfixExpressions.html)