Created: 2024-10-19 13:16
Category: #operating-systems 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_18 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate description concerning the round robin process scheduling method?

a) CPU resources are allocated to each process in order of priority specified in advance 
when a particular event occurs. 
b) CPU resources are allocated to each process in order of processing time from shortest to 
longest. 
c) CPU resources are allocated to the first executable process in the queue when an 
interval-timer interrupt is generated. 
d) CPU resources are allocated to the process that needs to start immediately when some 
kind of interrupt is generated. 
? 
c) CPU resources are allocated to the first executable process in the queue when an
interval-timer interrupt is generated.

## How does Round Robin Work?

Watch this video: [Scheduling Algorithms - Round Robin Scheduling - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzBBJYfwdi8).

Notes:
- we have a set time quantum (window for execution) 
	- it serves as the amount of time the CPU works on a process before moving on to the next one
- processes aren't scheduled by time to execute or a specific priority, they are just inserted at the tail of a CIRCULAR queue.
	- whoever was the first process to be enqueued, it will be the first to execute for the time quantum amount
	- if it's not done, the CPU moves to the next process and does the same.
	- if it's done, it's dequeued from the queue.

## Discussing the Possible Answers

a) CPU resources are allocated to each process in order of priority specified in advance 
when a particular event occurs. 
- we don't have priority in round robin, so this is wrong.

b) CPU resources are allocated to each process in order of processing time from shortest to 
longest. 
- we don't take into account the processing time in round robin, it's first-come, first-serve.

d) CPU resources are allocated to the process that needs to start immediately when some 
kind of interrupt is generated. 
- the "process that needs to start immediately" does not fit the first-come, first-serve framework.
- sort of correct, but we can find a better solution to describe Round Robin better

**c) CPU resources are allocated to the first executable process in the queue when an** 
**interval-timer interrupt is generated.** 
- there we go, we allocate resources to the first executable process (first-come, first-serve) and we have an interval-timer interrupt (time quantum).
- this is our answer.

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Scheduling Algorithms - Round Robin Scheduling - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzBBJYfwdi8)