Created: 2024-10-19 19:24
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_40 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is a role of a PKI certification authority as a reliable third party?

a) Adding a digital signature to an e-mail body as requested by a user 
b) Enabling the synchronization of time by returning an accurate time to a user’s request 
c) Issuing a digital certificate that certifies the private key of a user or server 
d) Issuing a digital certificate that certifies the public key of a user or server 
? 
d) Issuing a digital certificate that certifies the public key of a user or server 

## What is PKI?

> [!info] Public Key Infrastructure
> A system of processes, technologies, and policies that allows you to encrypt and sign data. You can issue digital certificates that authenticate the identity of users, devices, or services.
> - These certificates create a secure connection for both public web pages and private systems—such as your virtual private network (VPN), internal Wi-Fi, wiki pages, and other services that support MFA.

It is a form of asymmetrical encryption where the sender & receiver both have a set of private & public encryption keys. 

> [!tip] It's used in SSL Certificates to ensure the website you are visiting is actually from the web server & is not being intercepted.
> - that's why when a website is HTTP and not HTTPS, it will warn you saying there are is no certificate.

## Why d) and not c)?

When we do asymmetrical encryption, the client & server only sends public keys during the flow because their private key should only be used on their local machine.

That is why 
- `d) Issuing a digital certificate that certifies the public key of a user or server` is correct
- and `c) Issuing a digital certificate that certifies the private key of a user or server ` is wrong.


%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What is PKI | Public Key Infrastructure | DigiCert](https://www.digicert.com/what-is-pki)
- [An Introduction to PKI and SSL](https://renaps.com/en/blog/how-to/an-introduction-to-pki-and-ssl)