Created: 2024-10-19 16:06
Category: #information-management 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_27 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is the most appropriate description concerning the primary role of an SQL query optimizer?

a) It determines the most efficient way to execute a query. 
b) It minimizes the number of rows in a result set. 
c) It parses a query and improves it for efficient network transmission. 
d) It stores the results of frequently used queries in a cache.
? 
a) It determines the most efficient way to execute a query. 

## SQL Query Optimizers

> [!info] SQL query optimization refers to the process of ensuring your queries are running efficiently, resulting in reduced load times, less resource consumption, and higher performance of your database
> The goal of SQL query optimization is improved database efficiency and performance, and that means **minimizing the response time of your queries by best utilizing your system resources**

An example of an SQL Query Optimizer is [SQL Optimizer | PostgreSQL Optimizer | MySQL Optimizer](https://www.eversql.com/) their business objective is to make your queries work faster when used in a database.

Therefore, our answer is a) because we try to primarily make our queries faster locally. c) is a possible answer, but network transmission is very negligible for optimization.


%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [6 Tips For Better SQL Query Optimization (with Example Code)](https://www.montecarlodata.com/blog-6-tips-for-better-sql-query-optimization/#:~:text=The%20goal%20of%20SQL%20query,Reduced%20CPU%20execution%20time)