Created: 2024-10-19 14:40
Category: #project-management 
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_48 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate description of an RFI?
a) It is a document describing the basic policy for the system, including a summary of the
system, purpose, necessary functions, system requirements, and contract matters.
b) It is a document that is created after an RFP.
c) It is a document used by companies looking for the implementation of computerization
to request specific system proposals from prospective suppliers such as system vendors.
d) It is a document used to request information concerning computerization from
prospective suppliers such as system vendors.
? 
d) It is a document used to request information concerning computerization from
prospective suppliers such as system vendors.
### What is an RFI?
It simply means Request for Information, from that alone you can see it in the choices.

But, just think of it as entering into an unfamiliar territory. You have you own company, but have no idea about customer relationship management solutions, so you need an RFI to gain more knowledge about that field.

The main goal for an RFI is to know which suppliers are best for your needs

You can ask for their 
- case studies
- overview about their services and key features

Once that's finished, you can either go to RFP or RFQ
### What is an RFP
Request for Proposal

This is more detailed compared to an RFI because you'll be asking for their proposal.

You can ask for
- specifications
- detailed project plan
- timeline

So, it's really up to them on how they can meet your specific needs.
### What is an RFQ
Request for Quotation

From the name itself, you're just inquiring about the price.

You can ask
- how much for 15 licenses for this application
- how much to implement this service




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 