Created: 2024-10-19 12:09
Category: #service-management 
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_46 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is a case that enables the customer support operations at a call
center to improve quality by applying a pattern recognition function or machine learning
function to the accumulated data?
a) Deriving the most appropriate response in real time from related materials and all the
previous support history according to the content of the inquiry made by a customer
b) Displaying the digital content of a response manual or basic customer information on a
pop-up window of a screen for responding to requests from the operators
c) Repeatedly providing role play training to new operators from an experienced operator
who serves as a lecturer by using the response manual as the teaching material
d) Transferring a phone call or the relevant support screen to an experienced operator or a
dedicated staff when the operator who is responding to a customer over the phone is
unable to provide an answer
? 
a) Deriving the most appropriate response in real time from related materials and all the
previous support history according to the content of the inquiry made by a customer

### Machine Learning
uses data to gradually improve its accuracy

So, we need to keep feeding it data until it understands a pattern.

**b)** is out of the question because you're just giving it a manual and user information. If it were identifying user information patterns this would be the correct answer.

**c)** is also wrong because it only focuses on newly hires and not the actual interactions between the customers and the operators.

**d)** is just giving the phone to someone else and that's basically almost no interaction.

What we really want are actual interactions between the operators and the customers, so **a)** is the answer.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 