Created: 2024-10-21 16:32
Category: #business-administration 
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_55 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an example of Consumer Generated Media (CGM)?
a) A website of a company through which the company publishes information about its
management and financial status, as well as performance trends for individual investors
b) A website of a company through which the company transmits information about the
characteristics and usage methods of its products to the general consumers
c) A website of a government organization through which the organization publishes
information about its policies and administrative services to the general public
d) A website such as a blog and SNS, etc. through which an individual transmits
information to an unspecified number of people about the evaluation of products, etc.
that the person has used
? 
d) A website such as a blog and SNS, etc. through which an individual transmits
information to an unspecified number of people about the evaluation of products, etc.
that the person has used

### Consumer Generated Media
Let's understand what Generated Media is first
These are things that are generated, like text, images, videos.

Consumers and users like us who consume data.

From that alone, you can eliminate anything non-related to that, like government policies and services.

It's not about financial statuses, performance trends, government policies, administrative services (letters a - c)

It's really just people sending to other people their own text messages, videos, images, etc.



%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 