Created: 2024-10-19 15:11
Category: #business-administration
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_50 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an explanation of core competence that is adopted in business
administration?
a) It refers to a qualitative and quantitative understanding of its products, services, and
operations through comparisons with the strongest competitor or advanced companies.
b) It refers to dramatical improvements in the costs, quality, service, and speed of a
company by fundamentally reviewing and radically redesigning its business processes.
c) It refers to the company’s unique skills, technologies, and other strengths that are
superior to other companies, which serve as a source of competitive advantage.
d) It refers to the management of the allocation of company-wide management resources in
an effective and integrated manner so as to achieve an improvement in management
efficiency.
? 
c) It refers to the company’s unique skills, technologies, and other strengths that are
superior to other companies, which serve as a source of competitive advantage.
### Business Administration
managing an organization's resources, time and people.

Core Competence of that is how your business has the upper hand. What gives you that competitive edge?

From that alone, you might be able to cross out some letters.

**a)** Has nothing to do with that, also it's just trying to understand and compare.

**b)** Sure this is great for the company, but not related to business administration. This is more like redesigning your business model and making adjustments.

**c)** Correct Answer. Clearly shows how your business has the upper hand.

**d)** This is more on resource management.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 