Created: 2024-10-19 11:56
Category: #service-management
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_45 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is the most appropriate description concerning an interview
conducted by a system auditor?
a) The administrator of the audited department, who has experience in auditing tasks, is
selected as the interviewee.
b) The entire interview is conducted by one (1) system auditor, as discrepancies may occur
in the record if multiple auditors are involved.
c) The system auditor instructs the audited department to take improvement measures for
deficiencies found during the interview.
d) The system auditor makes an effort to obtain documents and records that support the
information obtained from the audited department during the interview.
?
d) The system auditor makes an effort to obtain documents and records that support the
information obtained from the audited department during the interview.
### System Auditor
Someone who inspects and approves the security of systems and networks.

So, when you're an auditor, you need to go to other departments to do some kind of inspection.

A person who has experience may sound like the right answer, but not really because there could be biases due to their position / nepotism.

Having 1 auditor isn't right too, just having 1 seems biased. Having multiple auditors for transparency is the way.

### Why not c)
It may sound right and I even thought this was the answer, but system auditors aren't supposed to instruct people, they are just there to inspect.

Soo the answer is **d)**


%% ignore this %%

---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 