Created: 2024-10-21 14:53
Category: #business-administration 
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_51 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate explanation of telemarketing?
a) It refers to direct marketing that includes calling people at home and asking for
donations, opinions, or purchases.
b) It refers to direct marketing that sells products and services and builds customer
relationships over the Internet.
c) It refers to direct marketing that sends offers, announcements, reminders, or other items
to a person at a particular address.
d) It refers to direct marketing that sends sales alerts, links to website updates,
appointments, or delivery reminders to large groups of people.
? 
a) It refers to direct marketing that includes calling people at home and asking for
donations, opinions, or purchases.
### Telemarketing
Pretty self explanatory. Think of it as Telephone and Marketing combined = Telemarketing

Marketing is when you want other people to know your product, and making sure that they find value in it. It's also to build relationships and gather feedback from them.

If you selling toilets, you're providing value on how toilets are a necessity and we use them everyday.

Telemarketing is just marketing on the telephone.

### Why not b?
This is marketing over the internet not on a telephone, so it's wrong.

The only difference is the medium used.

Email marketing uses email
Internet marketing uses the internet
Telemarketing uses the telephone





%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 