Created: 2024-10-21 17:23
Category: #software 
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_60 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

When OSS that is released under GPL is modified and distributed, which of the
following is an appropriate action to comply with the GPL?
a) A recipient who obtains the derivative work must be strictly prohibited from
redistributing copies.
b) The source code of a separate application that is statically linked to the derivative work
does not need to be disclosed.
c) When the software is modified and distributed, the source code of the distributed copies
is made available to the recipients.
d) When the source code of the derivative work is disclosed, compensation such as related
costs cannot be demanded.
? 
c) When the software is modified and distributed, the source code of the distributed copies
is made available to the recipients.
### What is OSS
Open Source-Software, like Linux.

### What is GPL?
GNU General Public License
This is a license giving all users free access to the source code of that software to be seen, run, tested, studied, etc.

**a)** is wrong because the GPL allows everyone to be able to distribute copies of the software as long as the license terms are followed.

**b)** is wrong because if you link an open source to something that can be copyrighted, GPL states that it needs to be disclosed.

**c)** correct because once you made changes in the source code, anyone else will be able to see that.

**d)** is wrong because under the GPL, you can charge for costs if you want to distribute it, but we can't control if they want to distribute that for free.






%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 