Created: 2024-10-19 11:11
Category: #service-management
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_43 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

In ITIL 2011 edition, which of the following is the appropriate order for the service
lifecycle stages?
a) Service design -> Continual service improvement -> Service strategy -> Service
operation -> Service transition
b) Service design -> Service strategy -> Service operation -> Service transition ->
Continual service improvement
c) Service strategy -> Service design -> Service operation -> Service transition ->
Continual service improvement
d) Service strategy -> Service design -> Service transition -> Service operation ->
Continual service improvement
? 
d) Service strategy -> Service design -> Service transition -> Service operation ->
Continual service improvement
### What is an ITIL?
It stands for **Information Technology Infrastructure Library** 

so from the name alone it's all about IT, and it has libraries/frameworks which is exactly what it is.

ITIL is like a guide for you to follow a process which doesn't necessarily have to be technology specific. These include processes, checklists, etc.

1) First, by just using common sense you need strategy first (the over all plan) before doing anything, so with that you've eliminated half of the options.
2) Next, you'll need design.
3) Next is transition. This is moving new services into a live environment. Basically going from development to production.
4) Next is operation. This is more like `maintenance` from the other management strategies. This is where you'll maintain, handle errors, and over all manage.
5) Lastly, you have the Continual Service Improvement. This is where you'll identify areas of improvement and how you can optimize your servers and costs.






%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 