Created: 2024-10-21 15:13
Category: #networking 
Status: #philnits



# 2024S_FE-A_53 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate computing concept that describes the idea of
physical objects, such as devices, vehicles, and buildings, that are connected to the Internet
and are able to identify themselves to other devices?
a) Computer networks 
b) Deep learning
c) Internet of things 
d) Network topology
? 
c) Internet of things 
### Internet of Things
If you at least paid attention in class, you'll know that this is the answer.

By the name itself, it's really just things/objects that have internet and sensors. These can be our phones, computers, printers, refrigerator (if advanced), etc.

All those devices can connect to the internet, they can collect data, share data, those stuff.
Those devices also have sensors, our phones are touch screen, laptops can detect when you click on the trackpad.

They are also capable of sharing data among each other.

### Computer Networks
Why not this? This also feels like the answer.

Let's look at its definition first
**Computer networking** refers to interconnected computing devices that can exchange data and share resources with each other. These networked devices use a system of rules, called communications protocols, to transmit information over physical or wireless technologies.

Boom, where's the physical device there?

### Deep Learning
There's no physical device here. It's also focused on algorithms and data analysis.

### Network Topology
Now we have physical devices, but we're not exactly talking about those physical devices.

When we talk about formation in the military, you're not actually talking about each person, you don't know their names, etc. You just know that someone stands over here, 100 people over there in the back, 60 on the right, etc.

Network Topology is the same, it's focused on the arrangement of the devices, but it doesn't explain what those object are.



%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 