Created: 2024-10-22 15:24
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2018A_FE_38 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is a spoofing attack?

a) An attack by encrypting victim’s data and demanding ransom 
b) An attack by looking at someone’s keyboard while the victim entering a password 
c) An attack by masquerading as someone such as a superior person from an information 
systems department, or customer 
d) An attack by sending excessive requests from multiple computers in an attempt to 
overload the victim’s computer 
? 
c) An attack by masquerading as someone such as a superior person from an information 
systems department, or customer 


## Spoofing

Spoofing is a cyber crime that involves tricking someone into giving away personal information. It can be used for fraudulent activity or to sell the information illegally. Spoofing can also be used legitimately, such as to display a business's toll-free number. 

## Choices 

### a) An attack by encrypting victim’s data and demanding ransom 

This is Ransomware.

### b) An attack by looking at someone’s keyboard while the victim entering a password 

This is Shoulder Surfing because you're right beside the person, typically with view over their shoulder, while they type their credentials.

### c) An attack by masquerading as someone such as a superior person from an information systems department, or customer 

Keyword here is "masquerading", so you're pretending to be someone, like what Spoofing is.

### d) An attack by sending excessive requests from multiple computers in an attempt to overload the victim’s computer 

This is a Distributed Denial of Service (DDOS) Attack.

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What is Spoofing & How to Prevent it](https://www.kaspersky.com/resource-center/definitions/spoofing)