Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_53 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

According to the PMBOK Guide – Fifth Edition, which of the following is an appropriate definition of a project stakeholder?
**a) A person or group who provides resources and support for the project, program, or portfolio and is accountable for enabling success. 
b) An individual, group, or organization, who may affect, be affected by, or perceive itself to be affected by a decision, activity, or outcome of a project. 
c) An organizational structure that standardizes the project-related governance processes and facilitates the sharing of resources, methodologies, tools, and techniques. 
d) The person assigned by the performing organization to lead the team that is responsible for achieving the project objectives.**
?
**b) An individual, group, or organization, who may affect, be affected by, or perceive itself to be affected by a decision, activity, or outcome of a project.** 
### Explanation
Self-explanatory. 
For a longer explanation, Virtualization, division, projection, structuring, normalization, and continuation are all concepts that are present in other areas, or are more advanced concepts related to object orientation. Since the question asks for basic concepts, those listed in a) are the fundamental concepts of object orientation.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Object Oriented Programming (OOPs) Concept in Java - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/object-oriented-programming-oops-concept-in-java/)