Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_44 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

When a normally functioning hard disk of a PC on which confidential files are stored is handed over to an industrial waste disposal vendor, which of the following is an appropriate countermeasure against information leakage?
**a) Changing the filename of each confidential file to a random character string multiple times 
b) Compressing the confidential files multiple times with different compression techniques 
c) Erasing the master boot record of the hard disk multiple times with a specialized erasing tool 
d) Overwriting all areas of the hard disk with a random bit string multiple times.**
?
**d) Overwriting all areas of the hard disk with a random bit string multiple times.**
### Explanation
Changing the filename doesn't make the files inaccessible. You can always decompress files, granted you know which compression techniques were used and you have a backup of the original compressed file. Erasing the master boot record only makes the hard drive unorganized, and removes the ability for the user to boot up an operating system (OS) with it.
This leaves us with d), because the data is overwritten, and is not easily recoverable, even with specialised tools. This makes it harder to leak data as there is significantly more effort to be put in retrieving the original data compared to all other methods mentioned in the choices.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What is the Master Boot Record (MBR)?](https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/definition/Master-Boot-Record-MBR)
- [hard drive - Why erase file with random patterns instead of all 0's or 1's? - Super User](https://superuser.com/questions/174883/why-erase-file-with-random-patterns-instead-of-all-0s-or-1s)
- [Hard drive destruction services: what they do and how they protect your data](https://www.russellrichardson.co.uk/advice/3/hard-drive-destruction-services#harddrive2)