  Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #systems-architecture 
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_48 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

In order to increase module independence, the level of module coupling must be low. Which of the following methods of exchanging information between modules has the lowest level of module coupling?
**a) Control parameters are passed as arguments in order to control the execution order of modules. 
b) Only data items that are required for input and output are passed as arguments between modules. 
c) Relevant module reference data that is defined in a common area. 
d) Required data is declared externally and shared.**
?
**b) Only data items that are required for input and output are passed as arguments between modules.** 
### Explanation
Module coupling in computing means how related each module is to one another, which is what similarities they have with one another whether its through code or data. There are various types of coupling, but for the choices above we will focus on Control, Common, External, and Data coupling.
Choice a) is Control Coupling, because control parameters are shared as arguments to control the execution of modules. The degree of module coupling here is in the middle, as the modules rely on control parameters to determine its execution order.
Choice b) is Data Coupling, where only necessary data (such as parameters and return statements) are shared between modules, which ensures that each module's processes and information are relatively safe, so you could say that the degree of module coupling is low.
Choice c) is Common Coupling, because module reference reference data is declared in a common area accessible by all modules, this type of data is generally unsecure, and as all modules can share this data, the module coupling is considered high.
Choice d) is External Coupling, because the data is declared externally. Because it is also shared between modules, the module coupling is noticeable, however not as severe as if it were declared in a common area accessible to all modules.
Therefore, b) is our answer as it has the least module coupling out of all the choices.



%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- FE Exam Preparation Book 3.2.4 pg162-163
- [Coupling (computer programming) - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coupling_(computer_programming))