Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #business-administration  
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_56 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

ISO/IEC 20000-1:2011 requires the application of the methodology known as “Plan-Do-Check-Act” (PDCA) to all parts of the Service Management System (SMS) and the services. Which of the following is an activity that is included as a plan in SMS?
**a) Conducting management reviews at planned intervals, and maintaining their records 
b) Creating a framework of authorities, responsibilities, and process roles 
c) Creating a plan for approved improvements, and implementing and reporting the improvements 
d) Implementing and operating SMS through allocation and management activities of funds and budgets**
?
**b) Creating a framework of authorities, responsibilities, and process roles** 
### Explanation
From the now-withdrawn ISO/IEC 20000-1:2011 Standard, it states for each of the PDCA:
_Plan: establishing, documenting and agreeing the SMS. The SMS includes the policies, objectives, plans and processes to fulfil the service requirements.
Do: implementing and operating the SMS for the design, transition, delivery and improvement of the services.
Check: monitoring, measuring and reviewing the SMS and the services against the policies, objectives, plans and service requirements and reporting the results.
Act: taking actions to continually improve performance of the SMS and the services._
a), c), and d), are all ruled out under this definition, as a) falls under _Check,_ c) falls under _Act,_ and d) falls under _Do,_ which leaves us with b) which falls under _Plan_ because it references the establishment of processes, policies, and plans in line with a framework.





%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [iso.org/obp/ui/#iso:std:iso-iec:20000:-1:ed-2:en](https://www.iso.org/obp/ui/#iso:std:iso-iec:20000:-1:ed-2:en)