Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #project-management 
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_51 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate description of the Responsibility Assignment Matrix that is used for project human resource management?
**a) Allocating the current engagement level of the stakeholders. 
b) Allocating work packages to those who are responsible for project work. 
c) Defining the limits of the project sponsor’s responsibilities. 
d) Defining the terms of reference of the project manager.**
?
**b) Allocating work packages to those who are responsible for project work.**
### Explanation
The Responsibility Assignment Matrix, which is also known as a RACI Chart, identifies and divides tasks, deliverables, and decisions for each acronym of RACI, which means Responsible, Accountable, Consult, and Inform. 
Stakeholder and sponsor responsibilities are of public relations teams, ruling out a) and c). Terms of reference of the project manager are based on consultations, which means that human resources are not on a need-to-know basis of these terms. This leaves us with b), because human resources are Accountable for the well-being and functionality of those Responsible for the project, their task can include allocating work packages to those responsible for project work.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [RACI Matrix: Responsibility Assignment Matrix Guide for 2024](https://project-management.com/understanding-responsibility-assignment-matrix-raci-matrix/)
- [Fetching Title#yypv](https://www.wrike.com/blog/what-is-a-raci-chart/)