Created: 2024-10-23 11:15
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2018A_FE_51 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an explanation of reverse engineering of software?

a) The entire software is reconstructed after analyzing and understanding the existing 
software. 
b) The existing software is analyzed, and its specification and structure are clarified. 
c) The internal structure of software is changed without changing the behavior seen from 
the outside. 
d) The source code is generated automatically from the design information by using a 
development support tool
? 
b) The existing software is analyzed, and its specification and structure are clarified. 

> [!info] Software Reverse Engineering is a process of recovering the design, requirement specifications, and functions of a product from an analysis of its code.
## Example of Reverse Engineering

Let's say you need to analyze an application that sends streams of bytes, but you need to identify what that data actually is.

To "reverse engineer" this is to test multiple data type structures until you get data that makes sense, so that you can conclude the specifications of the byte stream you are reverse engineering.

Another example is that you have the compiled `.exe` of a program, but you need to find the original `.c` code, so you attempt to reverse engineer `.c` code until it matches the output of the `.exe` code.

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Reverse Engineering - Software Engineering - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/software-engineering-reverse-engineering/)