Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #business-administration  
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_54 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate explanation of the Function Point method that is used for system development estimation?
**a) It is a method for estimating the overall workload where the development work is broken down into units of work items and then the workload for each item is accumulated on the basis of a predefined standard value for the unit of workload. 
b) It is a method for estimating the person-hours and period of time required to complete development, on the assumption that the development scale is known. It can be applied to all fields, not just to the business field. 
c) It is a method for estimating the scale and person-hours of development on the basis of the past experience of a similar system, where past data is used for the same areas and past experience for different areas. 
d) It is a method for estimating the scale of a system where the functions of the system are quantitatively measured by using elements such as the number of I/O data items and the number of files, and an adjustment is performed on the basis of the complexity and characteristics of the application.**
?
**d) It is a method for estimating the scale of a system where the functions of the system are quantitatively measured by using elements such as the number of I/O data items and the number of files, and an adjustment is performed on the basis of the complexity and characteristics of the application.** 
### Explanation
According to Geeksforgeeks:
_Functional Point Analysis (FPA) is a software measurement technique used to assess the size and complexity of a software system based on its functionality. It involves categorizing the functions of the software, such as input screens, output reports, inquiries, files, and interfaces, and assigning weights to each based on their complexity. By quantifying these functions and their associated weights, FPA provides an objective measure of the software’s size and complexity._
Therefore, d) is our answer as it categorizes functions of the software based on input/output amount and their complexity.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Functional Point (FP) Analysis - Software Engineering - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/software-engineering-functional-point-fp-analysis/)