Created: 2024-10-21 13:16
Category: #operating-systems 
Status: #philnits



# 2018A_FE_14 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate description of the effect of cache memory?

a) By reading data from main memory and storing it in cache memory, and then processing 
instructions in parallel in cache memory, operations are performed at high speed. 
b) By reading data from main memory and storing it in cache memory, data transfer is 
performed at high speed when the CPU reads the same data later.
c) By reading instructions and data simultaneously from main memory to cache memory, 
data transfer is performed at high speed. 
d) By reading instructions from main memory and storing them in cache memory, and then 
decoding and executing them in cache memory, operations are performed at high speed. 
? 
b) By reading data from main memory and storing it in cache memory, data transfer is 
performed at high speed when the CPU reads the same data later.

## Caching

> [!info] In computing, a cache is **a high-speed data storage layer which stores a subset of data, typically transient in nature, so that future requests for that data are served up faster** than is possible by accessing the data’s primary storage location.

It's like when you open a web browser for the first time, it's kind of slow, but if set up correctly, the HTML, JS, and CSS code can be "cached" by your browser and saved to be fetched from your phone instead of the internet - making subsequent requests to the website much faster.


%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Site Unreachable](https://aws.amazon.com/caching/#:~:text=How%20does%20Caching%20work%3F,the%20underlying%20slower%20storage%20layer.)