Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_60 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate description concerning the implementation of a system audit?
**a) For an audit of the development status of an information systems department, the audit team consists of members of the information systems department who are familiar with the details of the development. 
b) In order to enable the person requesting the audit to issue improvement instructions on the basis of the audit report, the system auditor reports the audit results to the person requesting the audit. 
c) When a system audit is performed as part of an operations audit, the audit team consists of members of the user department. 
d) When a system auditor accepts the help of other experts, the experts become responsible for decisions concerning the scope and methods of support, as well as the audit result.**
?
**b) In order to enable the person requesting the audit to issue improvement instructions on the basis of the audit report, the system auditor reports the audit results to the person requesting the audit.** 
### Explanation
Self-explanatory. 
For a longer explanation, Virtualization, division, projection, structuring, normalization, and continuation are all concepts that are present in other areas, or are more advanced concepts related to object orientation. Since the question asks for basic concepts, those listed in a) are the fundamental concepts of object orientation.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Object Oriented Programming (OOPs) Concept in Java - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/object-oriented-programming-oops-concept-in-java/)