Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_42 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate operation for user authentication that uses an IC card and a PIN?
**a) Given that each user can be identified by an IC card, a common PIN is set for all users in order to reduce the management workload. 
b) If an IC card is lost, a new IC card is issued, and after the PIN is reset, the lost IC card is deactivated. 
c) The PIN is set by combining the numeric information imprinted on the surface of the IC card. 
d) When an IC card is delivered, the PIN is not enclosed, but is notified to the user through another channel.**
?
**d) When an IC card is delivered, the PIN is not enclosed, but is notified to the user through another channel.** 
### Elimination
Since the question asks for appropriate user authentication, both the identifier, in this case the IC card, and the passcode, being the PIN should be unique. Therefore this rules out a) as a common PIN for all cards contains a security issue where users can use other IC cards for unintended purposes. This also rules out b) since this pertains to recovery, not authentication.
While c) satisfies most of the appropriate authentication methods, it fails in where malicious actors could have easy access to the PIN if its algorithm involves numbers imprinted within the IC card, and runs through the same issue as a) as to where users can have access to other cards if they simply have it.
This leaves us with d) through elimination. 
### Explanation
According to SoFi Technologies and Chase Bank, PINs are almost always mailed separately from your card for security reasons. This is because to authenticate, one needs both the PIN and the Card, if both are mailed in the same package and are intercepted, there is a high likelihood that a malicious actor could gain access to your card. Adding a layer of redundancy where the user is notified through two separate channels for both the card and the PIN allows the distributor to verify that the right user has received both.







%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Cybercrime Module 4 Key Issues: Standards and best practices for digital forensics](https://www.unodc.org/e4j/en/cybercrime/module-4/key-issues/standards-and-best-practices-for-digital-forensics.html)