Created: 2024-10-22 15:32
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2018A_FE_41 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

A security question is used to authenticate a user who forgets his/her password for a web system. After the correct answer is given, which of the following is the most appropriate process in terms of security?

a) Making the user enter an e-mail address again, and sending a URL that is difficult to 
guess so that the user can access a password reset page 
b) Making the user enter an e-mail address again, and sending the current password to that 
address 
c) Sending a URL that is difficult to guess to the user's pre-registered e-mail address so that 
the user can access a password reset page 
d) Sending the current password to the user’s pre-registered e-mail address 
? 
c) Sending a URL that is difficult to guess to the user's pre-registered e-mail address so that 
the user can access a password reset page 

## Mental Framework

> [!tip] Just try to remember the flow of "Forget Password?" in web services you use.

We send a random URL so that hackers can't access the password reset page. And we send it to your email address so ensure that you still own the account.

### What we DON'T do

We don't send the original password to the email because a hacker may be using the website & email to get the user's password.

We don't need to let the user input their email again, because we should already have that information.



%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 