Created: 2024-10-18 12:50
Category: #business-administration  
Status: #philnits



# 2018S_FE_AM_58 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is the most appropriate purpose for which a system auditor exchanges opinions with an audited department with respect to the draft version of an audit report?
**a) In order to confirm that there are no factual errors in the findings and recommendations to be described in the audit report. 
b) In order to issue the audit report to the audited department before the audit report is submitted to the person who is requesting the audit. 
c) In order to receive the approval of the responsible person of the audited department with respect to the recommendations described in the audit report. 
d) In order to substitute with an additional investigation concerning the audit report for which the investigation is insufficient, by orally confirming with the audited department.**
?
**a) In order to confirm that there are no factual errors in the findings and recommendations to be described in the audit report.** 
### Explanation
Systems auditors do not need approval of the responsible person of the audited department for their audit, and orally confirming insufficiencies of a report is bad practice, ruling out c) and d). 
b) is also impractical as this can lead to information mismanagement, as normally the one requesting the audit is the one disseminating the information to the department. However, it is in an auditor's interest to ensure that the findings of their audit is in line with the reality of the department, and to provide recommendations to the department to improve their processes or systems. Therefore, a) is our answer.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [System Audits 101: Objectives, Process, & Importance](https://www.airpf.com/system-audits-objectives-process-importance/)