Created: 2024-10-21 02:21
Category: #networking
Status: #philnits



# 2021S_FE_AM_31 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate transmission operation of a node connected to a CSMA/CD LAN?

a) All nodes are connected in a ring topology, where a special frame is circulated around to control transmission rights. Only the node that has the special frame can transmit data.
b) Each node is logically ordered, a transmission right is passed along in order, and only the node that has received the right can transmit data.
c) Each node waits for the medium to be idle before transmitting data. When collision occurs, it waits for a random backoff time before retransmission.
d) Only the node that has a time slot assigned can transmit data.
? 
c) Each node waits for the medium to be idle before transmitting data. When collision occurs, it waits for a random backoff time before retransmission.

## Explanation

**Carrier Sense Multiple Access/ Collision Detection** (CSMA/CD) 
- media access control method
- used in bus topologies
	- every device is connected through one line
- since data is being passed onto one line only:
	- transmitting station determines whether the channel is busy or idle when a frame is ready.
	- if the channel is occupied, the station waits till it is free.
	- station begins transmitting and continuously scans the channel for collisions if the channel is empty.
	- station begins the collision resolution mechanism when a collision is detected.
	- after finishing frame transmission, the stations reset the retransmission counters.
- when a collision is detected:
	- devices make sure that all other stations notice a collision, 
	- the device keeps transmitting the current frame for a predetermined amount of time while also sending out a jam signal.
	- The station increases the retransmission counter.
	- The station stops transmission if the allotted number of retransmission attempts has been used.
	- ==In the absence of a restart main algorithm, the station waits for a backoff period, which is often a function of the number of collisions. ==



%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Collision Detection in CSMA/CD - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/collision-detection-csmacd/)
- [CSMA/CD | GATE Notes](https://byjus.com/gate/csma-cd-notes/)