Created: 2024-10-17 14:13
Category: #number-systems 
Status: #philnits



# 2023A_FE_AM_2 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

$n$ is a binary integer represented in two’s complement. Which of the following operations get the value $7 \times n$ using only bit shifting and an addition or subtraction operation?

a) Shift n 2 bits to the left, then add n to the result. 
b) Shift n 2 bits to the left, then subtract n from the result. 
c) Shift n 3 bits to the left, then add n to the result. 
d) Shift n 3 bits to the left, then subtract n from the result
? 
d) Shift n 3 bits to the left, then subtract n from the result
### Short Intro on Bitwise Operators

> [!info] [[Bitwise Operators]]
> - `<<` Signed Left Shift `x << n` does $x \times 2^{n}$
> - `>>` Signed Right Shift `x >> n` does $x \div 2^{n}$

For example, `6 << 1 == 12` is visualized like this:

```
6
00000110
 
12
00001100
```

### We Check Each Answer By Simulating Their Shifts

Remember, our goal is to get $7 \times n$.

Let's try a:

a) Shift n 2 bits to the left, then add n to the result. 

It translates to `(n << 2) - 1` which means we are doing
- $n \times 2^{2} - 1$ 
- $n \times 4 - 1 \equiv 3 \times n$ 

As we can see, $3 \times n \neq 7 \times n$, so we have to keep exploring.

### Shortcut

We can think of the left shifts as powers of $2$, so the phrase "Shift n 3 bits to the left" is equivalent to $2^3 \equiv{8}$ then subtracting $n$ is simply doing $- 1$.

d) Shift n 3 bits to the left, then subtract n from the result

So for d, let's try it out:

It translates to `n << 3 - 1` which is equal to $x \times 2^3 - 1 \equiv{x \times 7} \equiv{7 \times x}$ which is equal to our goal, hence d is the answer.



%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Bitwise operators — Facts and Hacks | by Shashank Mohabia | Medium](https://medium.com/@shashankmohabia/bitwise-operators-facts-and-hacks-903ca516f28c)