Created: 2024-10-20 15:58
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2019S_FE_AM_36 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

The IP address of Server X prepared by an attacker was stored in a DNS cache server of Company B as the IP address corresponding to the FQDN of the web server of Company A. Which of the following users will be unintentionally guided to Server X because of this attack? Here, each employee of Company A and Company B performs name resolution by using the DNS cache server of his/her own company. 

**a) An employee of Company A who wishes to access the web server of Company A**

**b) An employee of Company A who wishes to access the web server of Company B** 

**c) An employee of Company B who wishes to access the web server of Company A** 

**d) An employee of Company B who wishes to access the web server of Company B**
?
**c) An employee of Company B who wishes to access the web server of Company A** 
## **Explanation:**

In this scenario, the attacker has manipulated the DNS cache server of Company B to store the IP address of Server X as the corresponding IP for the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) of the web server of Company A. As a result:

- When an employee of **Company B** attempts to access the web server of **Company A**, their request will resolve to the IP address of Server X instead of the legitimate server.

### Overview of Other Options:

- **a) An employee of Company A who wishes to access the web server of Company A**: This employee uses their own DNS cache server, which is not affected by the attack on Company B's DNS cache.
- **b) An employee of Company A who wishes to access the web server of Company B**: This employee also uses their own DNS server, which is unaffected by the attack.
- **d) An employee of Company B who wishes to access the web server of Company B**: This request resolves correctly as it points to the server of Company B, unaffected by the attack.

Thus, the employee of Company B attempting to access the web server of Company A will be misled to Server X due to the DNS cache poisoning attack.
%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 