Created: 2024-10-18 10:23
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2020A_FE_AM_37 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is appropriate conduct for a white-hat hacker?

a) Breaking into a system and changing one of the files without permission and reporting the weaknesses to the owner.
b) Breaking into a system to analyze its vulnerabilities with the owner’s permission and within the prescribed rules of engagement.
c) Logging into a system to show fellow hackers real-life examples of deleting a file without the owner’s permission.
d) Looking at secret data on a system with the motivation of personal or financial objectives, protest, or espionage.
? 
b) Breaking into a system to analyze its vulnerabilities with the owner’s permission and within the prescribed rules of engagement.
## **Explanation:**

White-hat hacker act ethically and with authorization, they could be testing a system for someone, finding vulnerabilities to help improve security, rather than trying to damage it and take advances of the vulnerabilities. So, the appropriate conduct for a White-hat hacker would be "Breaking into a system to analyze its vulnerabilities with the owner’s permission and within the prescribed rules of engagement".

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Difference Between AES and RSA Encryption - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-aes-and-rsa-encryption/)
- [RSA, Diffie-Hellman, DSA: the pillars of asymmetric cryptography – Practical Networking .net](https://www.practicalnetworking.net/practical-tls/rsa-diffie-hellman-dsa-asymmetric-cryptography-explained/#:~:text=The%20Diffie-Hellman%20(DH),only%20be%20used%20for%20Signatures.)
