Created: 2024-10-18 3:06
Category: #networking
Status: #philnits



# 2020A_FE_AM_32 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is a role played by a DNS in a TCP/IP network?

a) It assigns an unused IP address from the pool of addresses in response to a request from a PC or a printer.
b) It associates domain or host names with IP addresses.
c) It converts private IP addresses used within a company into global IP addresses, and it enables access to the Internet.
d) It enables a program in a server to be called by only specifying the program name without being aware of the IP address of the server.
? 
b) It associates domain or host names with IP addresses.
## **Explanation:**

**b)** **DNS (Domain Name System)** is responsible for translating human readable domain names (www.wuwatracker.com) into their corresponding IP addresses (104.21.6.165). This allow users to easily access websites using familiar names instead of memorizing an IP address.
### Other Options

**a)** It describes **DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol)** which is responsible for automatically assigning IP addresses to hosts or devices on a network, simplifying network management and preventing conflicts on having similar IP addresses.

**c)** This process describes what **NAT (Network Address Translation)** does, which converts private IP addresses into public IP addresses (vice versa), allowing internet access to anyone.

**d)** This describes Service Discovery protocol, while **DNS (Domain Name System)** resolves domain names to IP addresses, it does **not** provide the ability to call specific programs or services on a server by name. For this, you would need additional protocols or layers of service discovery, which are not part of DNS's core functionality.
%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- 
