Created: 2024-10-19 14:53
Category: #cybersecurity 
Status: #philnits



# 2020A_FE_AM_41 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate explanation of CSIRT?

a) It is a generic term for an organization that is established within a company, organization, or government agency, and it receives reports on information security incidents for investigation and response. 
b) It is a generic term for people or an organization whose aim is to achieve a religious or political goal by utilizing IT. 
c) It is an organization that creates technical documents concerning the Internet, and it investigates standardization issues. 
d) It is an organization that defines the IP-address allocation policy. It operates and monitors DNS root servers and coordinates DNS management and other such matters on a global scale.
? 
a) It is a generic term for an organization that is established within a company, organization, or government agency, and it receives reports on information security incidents for investigation and response. 

## **Explanation:**

A **CSIRT** (Computer Security Incident Response Team) is a specialized team responsible for responding to information security incidents, such as breaches, malware attacks, or data leaks. They investigate, mitigate, and help prevent future security issues by handling reports of incidents, analyzing their causes, and providing recommendations for improving security practices.
%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What Is a Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT)?](https://www.cynet.com/incident-response/what-is-a-computer-security-incident-response-team-csirt/)
