Created: 2024-10-20 3:08
Category: #project-management 
Status: #philnits 



# 2020A_FE_AM_53 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

The functional size of a new system was estimated to be 500 function points (FP). Apart from development, the project requires 10 person-months in total for installation of the system and education of developers. Additionally, for project management, 10% of the total person-months of development, installation, and education is required. How many person-months are required in total for this project? Here, the productivity in development is 10 FPs per person-month. 

a) 51 
b) 60 
c) 65 
d) 66
?
d) 66
## **Explanation:**

Apart from **development** the project requires 10 person-months for **installation and education.** And another person-months for **project management**, which is 10% of the total person-months from development, installation and education. This means we need to add development, installation and education, and project management person-months to calculate the total.

### Gathered Data

1. Development
	- The system size is 500 function points (FP), and the productivity is 10 FPs per person-month.
	- Development person-months = $\frac{500}{10} = 50$ person-months
2. Installation and education
	- **Given**: 10 person-months.
3. Project management
	- - Project management effort is **10%** of the total person-months for development, installation, and education.
	- Total without project management = 50 (development) + 10 (installation and education) = 60 person-months.
	- Project management = $10\% \times 60 = 6$ person-months
### Total person-months

Total = 50 (development) + 10 (installation and education) + 6 (project management) = **66** person-months.

%% ignore this %%
---




# References %% add your references here %%
- 
