Created: 2024-10-18 4:16
Category: #networking
Status: #philnits



# 2020A_FE_AM_34 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an Internet standard that extends the format of email header fields to handle not only text messages but also audio and image files?

a) HTML
b) MHS
c) MIME
d) SMTP
? 
c) MIME
## **Explanation:**

**c) MIME** -  **(Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions)** is a widely used internet standard that extends the original format of email to support the transmission of various media types. So MIME allows emails to include non-text content such as images, audio, video and other file attachments.
### Other Options

**a) HTML** - **(Hypertext Markup Language)** Is the standard markup language used for creating web pages and web applications. It structures the content on the through the use of tags for headings, paragraphs, links, images and more. It is not designed for email transmission.

**b) MHS** - **(Message Handling System)**  was designed to handle message tracking, non-delivery reports, and multi-protocol routing. MHS is more robust but also more complex and slower compared to modern standards.
In a way, MHS has similar core goals with SMTP, but MHS is more feature-rich and complex. 

```
Imagine (MHS) Notion having same goals with (SMTP) Obsidian it has the same goal being a note-taking app but Notion has more features and is more than a note-taking app , while obsidian excels at lightweight note-taking without extra layers of complexity. Also, MHS is designed for a different sets of protocols compared to SMTP.
```

**d) SMTP** -  **(Simple Mail Transfer Protocol)** A protocol used for sending and receiving email messages across the internet. It handles the transmission of emails but does not concern itself with the format or content types of the messages being sent. While SMTP lacks the complexity of MHS, it is faster, more efficient, and well-suited for the broader, less formal nature of internet communication.
%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What is SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol)? | Definition from TechTarget](https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/definition/SMTP-Simple-Mail-Transfer-Protocol#:~:text=SMTP%20(Simple%20Mail%20Transfer%20Protocol)%20is%20a%20TCP%2FIP,with%20SMTP%20for%20sending%20email.)
- [Message Handling System - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message_Handling_System)
- [Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension (MIME) Protocol - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/multipurpose-internet-mail-extension-mime-protocol/)
