Created: 2024-10-20 2:22
Category: #service-management #business-administration 
Status: #philnits 



# 2020A_FE_AM_58 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is the most appropriate description about a system auditor? 

a) The entire interview must be conducted by one (1) system auditor, because discrepancies may occur in the record if multiple auditors are involved. 
b) The system auditor must instruct the department being audited to implement improvement measures for deficiencies identified during the interview.
c) The system auditor must make an effort to obtain documents and records that support the information obtained from the department being audited during the interview. 
d) The system auditor must select interviewees from administrators who have been an auditor within the department being audited.
?
c) The system auditor must make an effort to obtain documents and records that support the information obtained from the department being audited during the interview. 
## **Explanation:**

A **system auditor** is a professional responsible for evaluating an organization's information systems, including its software, hardware, data, and processes. The goal of a system auditor is to ensure that systems are functioning effectively, securely, and in compliance with relevant regulations and policies.
### Other Operations

 **a)** Having only one auditor is not always necessary. Multiple auditors can help gather more information and provide different views.

**b)** Auditors can identify problems, but it's not their job to order the department to fix them. They recommend changes, but management decides what to do.

**d)** Interviewing only auditors can create bias. It’s better to talk to people in various roles to get a complete picture of the department.
%% ignore this %%
---




# References %% add your references here %%
- [How To Become a System Auditor (Plus Salary Information) | Indeed.com](https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/finding-a-job/how-to-become-system-auditor)