Created: 2024-10-19 19:40
Category: #software-engineering
Status: #philnits 



# 2020A_FE_AM_47 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is the type of module coupling that has the weakest degree of coupling in which the exchange of information between modules is performed only using parameters? 

a) Common coupling 
b) Control coupling
c) Data coupling 
d) Content coupling
? 
c) Data coupling 
## **Explanation:**

%% ignore this %%
---
Data coupling is a coupling where modules share data through parameters. Meaning each module only needs to know the data format it receives and not  the internal workings of the other module, making it the weakest degree of coupling.
### Other Options

**a) Common coupling**: This occurs when multiple modules share the same global data. It is considered a strong form of coupling because changes in the global data can affect all modules that use it.

 **b) Control coupling**: This type of coupling happens when one module controls the behavior of another by passing control information (e.g., flags). This introduces a level of dependency between the modules.

**d) Content coupling**: This is the strongest form of coupling, where one module directly accesses or modifies the content of another module. This makes the modules highly dependent on each other and is generally to be avoided.



# References %% add your references here %%
- [Cohesion and Coupling in Software Engineering | Engati](https://www.engati.com/glossary/cohesion-and-coupling)
- [Coupling and Cohesion - Software Engineering - GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/software-engineering-coupling-and-cohesion/)
