Created: 2024-10-18 24:11
Category: #networking
Status: #philnits



# 2020A_FE_AM_31 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is a device that connects multiple LANs by relaying data through the protocol information of the data link layer of the OSI basic reference model?

a) Bridge
b) Gateway 
c) Repeater 
d) Router
? 
a) Bridge
## **Explanation:**

**a) Bridge** - Used to connect two or more LAN to create a larger network, operating at the Data Link Layer. It only connects LAN segments that use the same protocol. Think of bridges as a simpler, less efficient version of a switch. If switch can connect hosts and LAN segments (switch to switch), bridge can only connect LAN segments, not the hosts. Also keep in mind that **Every switch is a bridge, but bridges are not truly switches.**
### Other Options

**b) Gateway** - Acts as a gate between two networks, allowing for communication even if they use different protocols. So, in a sense, gateway performs protocol translation or data formatting in order for data to flow between network easily.

**c) Repeater** - It operates at the physical layer, retransmitting network over longer distances eliminating signal degradation when travelling from source to destination. It does not care about any protocol information.

**d) Router** - Router directs data packets between networks, determining the best path for the data to travel between networks, operating at the network layer. Router connects LAN to WAN while Bridge is LAN to LAN.
%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Bridge vs. switch comparison: What's the difference? | TechTarget](https://www.techtarget.com/searchnetworking/answer/Bridge-vs-switch#:~:text=A%20bridge%20is%20a%20point,bridges%20are%20not%20truly%20switches.)
