Created: 2024-10-18 19:46
Category: #hardware
Status: #philnits



# 2021S_FE_AM_14 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate description of USB 3.0?

a) It is a serial interface that adopts isochronous transmission that is suitable for audio or video, and has a broadcast transmission mode.
b) It is a serial interface that has a data transmission mode of 5 Gbit/s that is called super speed.
c) It is a serialized ATA specification that connects a PC to a peripheral device.
d) It is an interface that uses four (4) pairs of signal lines transmitting two (2) bits of information in one (1) clock and has a maximum throughput of 1 Gbit/s.
? 
b) It is a serial interface that has a data transmission mode of 5 Gbit/s that is called super speed.
## Definition
USB 3.0, also known as SuperSpeed USB, is a Universal Serial Bus (USB) data transfer standard that's commonly used to connect external devices to computers: 

- **Speed**: 5–20 Gbps. 
- **Compatibility**: backwards compatible with USB 2.0 and USB 1.1 devices. 
- **Symbol**: standard USB trident logo with an "SS" inscription and a transfer speed capability above the trident. 
- **Ports**: usually blue, while USB 2.0 ports are black or white. 
- **Uses**: connect external devices like thumb drives, network adapters, and high-resolution cameras.

### Option a) - Wrong
- does support isochronous transfers
- BUT USB 3.0 also supports other types of data transfers


### Option b) - Correct
- USB 3.0 introduced the "SuperSpeed" mode
- maximum data transfer rate of **5 Gbit/s**

### Option c) - Wrong
- USB 3.0 is not an ATA
- ATA refers to a different interface used primarily for connecting storage devices like hard drives and SSDs.

### Option d) - Wrong
- maximum throughput is 1 Gbit/s = WRONG

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [USB 3.0 - CLC Definition](https://www.computerlanguage.com/results.php?definition=USB+3.0#:~:text=The%20third%2Dgeneration%20USB%20interface,Image%20courtesy%20of%20Tripp%20Lite.))
- [What is USB 3.0 (SuperSpeed USB)? | Definition from TechTarget](https://www.techtarget.com/searchwindowsserver/definition/USB-30-SuperSpeed-USB#:~:text=Gavin%20Wright-,What%20is%20USB%203.0%20(SuperSpeed%20USB)?,speed%20devices%20like%20thumb%20drives.)