Created: 2024-10-19 00:25
Category: #data-structures
Status: #philnits



# 2021S_FE_AM_28 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Among the search processes for the “Sales” table, which of the following is appropriate to
set a hash index rather than a B+ tree index? Here, the column in which the index is set is
shown inside <>.

Sales (form number, sales date, product name, user ID, store number, sales amount)
a) Searching for sales with a sales amount of 100 dollars or more. \<sales amount>
b) Searching for sales with the product name beginning with ‘DB’. \<product name>
c) Searching for sales with the sales date as the current month. \<sales date>
d) Searching for sales with the user ID as ‘1001’. \<user ID>
? 
d) Searching for sales with the user ID as ‘1001’. \<user ID>

## Explanation
**Hash Index** 
- typically used for equality searches, where the exact value of a field is known and needed
- allows for very fast lookups for ==specific values== because it directly computes the location of the data using a hash function.

**B+ Trees**
- data structures
- used to store vast amounts of data that are too large to fit in the main memory.

### Option a)
- large range
- fits for B+ Trees

### Option b)
- can contain many products
- fits for B+ Trees

### Option c)
- can contain a large range of data
- fits for B+ Trees

### Option d) (ANSWER)
- specific user
- fits for hashing


%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [The Power of Database Indexing Algorithms: B-Tree vs. Hash Indexing | by The Java Trail | Medium](https://dip-mazumder.medium.com/the-power-of-database-indexing-algorithms-b-tree-vs-hash-indexing-6e3a4112a81#:~:text=Hash%20indexing%20is%20commonly%20used,returns%20a%20unique%20integer%20value.)