Created: 2024-10-18 23:36
Category:  #software
Status: #philnits



# 2021S_FE_AM_24 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following explains a drawing software?

a) It can create a picture on a screen using the mouse as a brush that can be saved to a bitmap image file.
b) It can create a scenario-based content by editing and arranging several materials, such as text, images, video, and sound.
c) It can create a simple movie from a series of still images by gradually changing the differences among images.
d) It can create vector graphics composed of lines and curves defined mathematically with geometric characteristics that can then be transformed or combined.
? 
d) It can create vector graphics composed of lines and curves defined mathematically with geometric characteristics that can then be transformed or combined.

## Explanation
**Drawing software**
- also known as a graphics program, 
- used to create digital images and graphics in 2D or 3D: 
	- ==**Vector graphics**: Drawing programs use vector graphics, which allows users to isolate, move, and scale elements of an image independently. ==
	- **Special effects**: Drawing programs often include special effects for creating illustrations. 
	- **Popular programs**: Some popular drawing programs include Adobe Illustrator, CorelDRAW, and Macromedia Freehand.

## Breakdown
### Option a)
- describes bitmap or raster graphics software i.e., MS Paint, 
- **difference:** bitmap graphics software uses pixels rather than vectors

### Option b)
- describes multimedia software, uses a mix of video, audio, and images

### Option c)
- describes animation software

### Option d) (ANSWER)
- accurate description of drawing software

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [Vector graphics editor - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vector_graphics_editor)