Created: 2024-10-19 00:00
Category: #information-management
Status: #philnits



# 2021S_FE_AM_25 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate explanation of a relational database?
a) Data is represented as a table, and the tables are linked to one another using the column values of these tables.
b) Each attribute is represented as a pair of the attribute value and the storage location of the record having that value and used as an index.
c) The relationship among records is represented by a data structure using links that can represent both tree and network structures.
d) The relationship among records is represented by a data structure using pointers that are limited to representing a tree structure.
? 
a) Data is represented as a table, and the tables are linked to one another using the column values of these tables.

## Explanation
**Relational Database** (RDB)
- way of ==structuring information in tables, rows, and columns==
- has the ability to ==establish links or relationships between information by joining tables==

## Breakdown
### Option a) (ANSWER)
- accurate description

### Option b)
- more fluid approach, related to NoSQL or key-value databases

### Option c)
- describes graph or hierarchical databases

### Option d)
- describes hierarchical (tree structures)

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What Is A Relational Database (RDBMS)? | Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/learn/what-is-a-relational-database)