Created: 2024-10-19 22:56
Category: #business-administration 
Status: #philnits



# 2021S_FE_AM_61 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an explanation of CRM?

a) It is a business approach for significantly improving the efficiency of the entire supply chain through the real time exchange of information regarding production, inventory, procurement, sales, distribution, etc.
b) It is a concept to optimize customer loyalty by sharing information throughout all customer channels within a company and improving customer satisfaction by raising the level of service.
c) It is a method for improving business efficiency by planning and managing business
resources throughout the company effectively and comprehensively.
d) It is a method for wholesale dealers or manufacturers to increase business transactions with retail stores by supporting their business activities, and increasing their sales and profits.
? 
b) It is a concept to optimize customer loyalty by sharing information throughout all customer channels within a company and improving customer satisfaction by raising the level of service.
## Explanation

**==Customer Relationship== Management** (CRM)
- software system
- ==helps businesses manage and improve their interactions with customers==
- helps businesses increase profitability and growth



%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What is CRM? | CRM System - Definition - Benefits - Features | Zoho CRM](https://www.zoho.com/crm/what-is-crm.html#:~:text=CRM%20stands%20for%20Customer%20Relationship,marketing%2C%20and%20customer%20support%20activities.)