Created: 2024-10-18 22:44
Category: #operating-systems
Status: #philnits



# 2021S_FE_AM_19 %% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

Which of the following is an appropriate function of a linker?

a) To load a load module to the main memory ahead of execution
b) To monitor the execution of a program and to record the execution results for each step
c) To perform a resolution of cross references and to create one (1) load module from
multiple object modules
d) To register a created program in a library
? 
c) To perform a resolution of cross references and to create one (1) load module from
multiple object modules

## Explanation
A linker, also known as a link editor, is a computer program that performs several functions to combine object files into an executable program: 

1) **Combines object files**
    - The linker takes object files generated by a compiler and combines them into a single executable file. This process is called file linking. 
2) **Assigns memory addresses**
    - The linker assigns unique memory addresses to each symbol in the program, including functions and variables.   
3) **Resolves references**
    The linker resolves references between object files by assigning definite addresses. 
4) **Allocates memory**
    - The linker allocates memory for static variables and arranges for the initialization of dynamic variables. 
5) **Handles relocations**
    - The linker adjusts the addresses of symbols when the executable is loaded into memory. This process allows the program to access the correct memory locations. 
6) **Sets up entry point**
    - The linker sets up the program's entry point. 

If the linker encounters unresolved references during the linking process, it will produce an error and fail to create the executable file.




%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
- [What is a Linker? Why Do I Need It and the Advantages of Using One | Lenovo US](https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/glossary/linker/)
- [What are the main tasks of a linker in code execution? | TutorChase](https://www.tutorchase.com/answers/a-level/computer-science/what-are-the-main-tasks-of-a-linker-in-code-execution)