Created: 2024-10-18 22:38
Category:  #project-management  
Status: #philnits



# 2021A_FE_AM_55

%% ex. 2024S_FE-A_83 %%

An IT service is provided under the conditions that are described below. What is the maximum downtime in hours that can satisfy the SLA during a service time period of one (1) month? Here, the number of business days in one (1) month is 30, and no maintenance or other scheduled downtime of the service is performed during the service time period.

[Conditions of the SLA] 
- The service time period is from 8:00 AM to 10:00 PM on business days.
- The availability should be 99.5% or more.

a) 0.3 
b) 2.1 
c) 3.0 
d) 3.6
? 
b) 2.1 
### Explanation

A service-level agreement (SLA) defines the level of service expected from a vendor, laying out metrics by which service is measured, as well as remedies should service levels not be achieved. It is a critical component of any technology vendor contract.

In this question it is given in the SLA that the service period is 1 month and that the service time period for this whole month is from 8:00 AM to 10:00 PM, which amounts to 14 hours a day. If the availability of said service should be 99.5%, then the maximum downtime can be calculated using the following formula

downtime = total hours - minimum required available hours

downtime = $(30 \times 14) - (0.995)(30 \times 14)$ = 2.1

downtime = $420 - 417.9$ = 2.1

in this equation, 30 is the number of business days, 14 is the amount of hours per day that the service must be available, and 0.995 is the decimal equivalent of the service availability percentage. The total hours that the service is up in 30 business days is 420, and the required number of hours that the service must be available is 417.9. If you subtract the two then, you get the maximum downtime of the service in horus.

%% ignore this %%
---









# References %% add your references here %%
